[SRVCOM-1499] Overriding podDisruptionBudgets for High availability (#77955)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-overriding-pdbs-eventing.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // * /serverless/eventing/tuning/serverless-ha.adoc

Reviewer: ??
```suggestion
// * knative-serving/config-ha-services/ha-replicas-serving.adoc
// * eventing/tuning/serverless-ha.adoc
```

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="serverless-overriding-poddistruptionbudgets-eventing_{context}"]

> = Overriding podDisruptionBudgets

Reviewer 2: I would probably go just with "Overriding disruption budgets". Seems more appropriate for a heading. Using camel case seems like it already points to some specific configuration element.

> A Pod Disruption Budget (PDB) is a standard feature of Kubernetes APIs that helps limit the disruption to an application when its pods need to be rescheduled for maintenance reasons.

Reviewer: I might move the sentence and note before the .Procedure heading, as [we aren't supposed to have sentences after that heading](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#con-creating-procedure-modules_writing-mod-docs) (I think).
Also, the procedure needs one or more steps (if only one, use an asterisk).

> A Pod Disruption Budget (PDB) is a standard feature of Kubernetes APIs that helps to limit the disruption to an application when its pods need to be rescheduled for maintenance reasons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A Pod Disruption Budget (PDB) is a standard feature of Kubernetes APIs that helps limit the disruption to an application when its pods need to be rescheduled for maintenance reasons.
```

.Procedure

> You can override the default PDB for a specific resource by modifying the `minAvailable` configuration value in the `KnativeEventing CR`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* You can override the default PDB for a specific resource by modifying the `minAvailable` configuration value in the `KnativeEventing CR`.
```
See SSG: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#single-step-procedures

> * You can override the default PDB for a specific resource by modifying the `minAvailable` configuration value in the `KnativeEventing CR`.

Reviewer 4: Two things here - CR should be placed outside of the backticks, and it should be spelled out since this is the first mention of the term in this section:
```suggestion
* You can override the default PDB for a specific resource by modifying the `minAvailable` configuration value in the `KnativeEventing` custom resource (CR).
```

[NOTE]
====

> If you disable high-availability, for example, by changing the `high-availability.replicas` value to 1, make sure you also update the corresponding podDisruptionBudget `minAvailable` value to 0. Otherwise, the podDisruptionBudget will prevent automatic cluster or operator upgrades.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you disable high-availability, for example, by changing the `high-availability.replicas` value to 1, make sure you also update the corresponding pod disruption budget `minAvailable` value to 0. Otherwise, the pod disruption budget prevents automatic cluster or operator upgrades.
```

Reviewer 3: @ochromy Did you mean to leave the first suggestion out in this paragraph? (Changing `podDisruptionBudget` to `pod disruption budget`)

====

> .An example of minAvailable set to 70% for PDB named eventing-webhook

Reviewer: Maybe tighten this heading up a bit. 

```suggestion
.Example PDB with a `minAvailable` seting of 70%
```

 name: knative-eventing
 namespace: knative-eventing
spec:
 podDisruptionBudgets:
 - name: eventing-webhook
   minAvailable: 70%
----

[NOTE]
====

> If you disable high-availability, for example, by changing the `high-availability.replicas` value to 1, make sure you also update the corresponding podDisruptionBudget `minAvailable` value to 0. Otherwise, the pod disruption budget prevents automatic cluster or operator upgrades.

Reviewer 4: Regarding the "podDisruptionBudget" phrasing in this note, I would either put it in backticks since it refers to a value within a file, or use the casual phrasing with spaces:
```suggestion
If you disable high-availability, for example, by changing the `high-availability.replicas` value to 1, make sure you also update the corresponding `podDisruptionBudget` `minAvailable` value to 0. Otherwise, the pod disruption budget prevents automatic cluster or operator upgrades.
```

> If you disable high-availability, for example, by changing the `high-availability.replicas` value to 1, make sure you also update the corresponding podDisruptionBudget `minAvailable` value to 0. Otherwise, the pod disruption budget prevents automatic cluster or operator upgrades.

Reviewer 4: Since these numbers are values you would set in a file, they should also be in backticks:
```suggestion
If you disable high-availability, for example, by changing the `high-availability.replicas` value to `1`, make sure you also update the corresponding podDisruptionBudget `minAvailable` value to `0`. Otherwise, the pod disruption budget prevents automatic cluster or operator upgrades.
```

> If you disable high-availability, for example, by changing the `high-availability.replicas` value to 1, make sure you also update the corresponding podDisruptionBudget `minAvailable` value to 0. Otherwise, the pod disruption budget prevents automatic cluster or operator upgrades.

Reviewer 4: Two more things in this note - capitalize Operator and switch "upgrade" to "update", which is the preferred term per our [term glossary](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/term_glossary.adoc#update):
```suggestion
If you disable high-availability, for example, by changing the `high-availability.replicas` value to 1, make sure you also update the corresponding podDisruptionBudget `minAvailable` value to 0. Otherwise, the pod disruption budget prevents automatic cluster or Operator updates.
```
